Hello friends and welcome back! The market at the moment is in absolute chaos. After the big movements of the first few weeks, the market just spread. In the last two weeks, we saw a clean consolidation of Tesla and Range in a wide range. And the lips are high. And this is coincidentally, historically, exactly after such a period of chaos and a lot of movement, the biggest movements are usually taking place. Why? Because in these zones, big participants accumulate positions. In today's video, we will look at the structure of Bitcoin, the key levels, the dominations, and we will see what are the real scenarios for this segment. Before we continue, don't forget to like and subscribe, so that you won't miss future videos. And if you want to go to the market, don't forget to subscribe. And so friends, before we start, I want to show you what happened with Bitcoin. After me, we started with the Daily Time Frame. I saw a lot of people from the 7th century being quite euphoric and expecting the market to not spread. We went back to Range again. What we see is this range, the continuation of exactly one month with today. Yes, we passed, but at the same time, we went back to Range again. At the moment, this range is similar to Hyrule Wall. Below here, above the entire structure. And again, below the entire range. So for the moment, the things look great. Until when will it reach, if the price passes from here? It's hard to say, and we have a lot of zones here, which were in the range of the whole movement. We have a lot of hitmaps and liquidation levels that I will share with you and I will discuss them. After that, I will show you historically, in terms of war, what I found on the chart and what are my impressions. Because this whole thing can only be liquidated. And after that, I will go and take all these levels down. And because the bear market hasn't finished yet. So for the moment, the things look great. What I expect is a break and just this time to not react like that from the upper part of the range. The test of this zone and the continuation of taking this hitmap, this Vector Candle is quite key here. Not for me, the zone under 200ma, 89 and 83. It's a little bit different, we will have to deal with the 800ma on Deli Time Frame. So the things are quite strong. In addition to what we look like in the last way, Bullish Engulfing and Harlow can only be liquidated the whole thing up there. And now I will show you two charts that I find identical. It is understood that any information and speculation with Prediction, bear market or pull run, must be taken into account that it can not be played 100%. So I will just stay on you to work as you know with this information. This is the day in which the war began with Russia and Ukraine on February 24, 2022. Four years after that, the war began with Iran. This is today's date, but the first thing I want to look at is what happened after we disbanded the war with Russia and Ukraine. After that, it is understood that this war that has not yet ended, we got a 27% increase in Bitcoin, which is the last way. 67% drop after this movement. It is understood that things are in quite different ways at the moment. You have to look at the economic situation and many other factors. But if we put the things in the last way, this whole thing here, taking 27% of this liquidity from the beginning of the war, you will notice it on February 24 and on February 24. So there is one day of difference for the beginning of the war, quite an amazing situation and in two cases. If I speculatively say that I will get something like this, it can be understood with a certain percentage below or with a certain percentage above, but let's look at the scenario in which this whole thing is just a pump before something to be heard exclusively a lot. As you know, this war can be very, very, very serious. And if this whole thing happens and if it is said that historically we have a repeat here, 27%, about 30%, let me tell you, push to Vector Candle, we are going to take the liquidity and the scenario here is quite dangerous for Bitcoin. If we follow the same pattern in which we drop about 60% back, about 60% back, we would change the first zone I was talking about. As I was talking about, about 48,000 dollars, two-year hit-map, the reaction is being understood, you have to look at it. But after that, we are looking at these Vector Candles, which are with a lot of volume, a good cluster from Vector Candle for the beginning of the previous storm. While I remember that one of the first hard loaves after the accumulation here, but for the moment the whole thing is far from confirmation. I close this spec, we are looking to talk about the low price of Bitcoin and we are concentrating on this low price. And here I want to make a quick transition, if you expect low price potential, free movement, volatility and possible off-trend is very important when trading. We use Bitunix as the main boss. We are our official partner, we have exclusive bonuses for deposits and we are also regularly doing joint campaigns and awards. All of this, just by registering through our link, you get directly a VIP level from Vector Candle, with which you get 25% off the rate of all taxes. If you still don't have the account, the link is in the description. And if you are trading a legal platform with good liquidity, a stable infrastructure that we have already tested and we have privileges to it. Try it, I hope Bitunix will like it. We have reached the last seven, we took part of this month's hit-map, and when you press me, the time frame was super low volume. Super low volume, after all the manoeuvres, after that, it was just a profit, a closed liquidation and so on. As long as we didn't get to that point. Today's day, if you open it up, I look very good and that's why I'm going to an idea of a time frame to see how we can find our own entry because if something happens, take it on this liquidation, previous scenarios with the spec, before the war and a month after the war, we have to position ourselves. We are traders, I don't care what happens after a month if we can find out today's date. So, the hit-map is still there, we got a 1 rise level for 4 hours, we took the hit-map here, we built a new hit-map that will still be there and we can take it and this hit-map can be said to be Harlow, some of your charts, trendlines and so on, and I'm just looking at the structure. Harlow, Harlow, and here we can expect a rise level 2 for 4 hours. This is what it looks like at the beginning of the 70s. But to expect this rise level 2 for 4 hours, we will have to confirm this hit-map for 1 hour. For 1 hour, it looks like we have overlapped a small model, only 2 drop levels, not for me personally, this whole movement is like a fake flick beginning that we spiked at the beginning of Asia and after that we continued in the opposite direction. Today, 3000 in one direction, up, so I'm expecting some free-trace, you can see it, it's going to take 5 minutes, it takes 15 minutes, but I'm not guaranteeing it, because it's like the 70s, it's super dangerous, just to be like this, without any formality, to keep some of these hits, and after that I'm going for a rise level. So, what we are interested in here is to see which hits we will keep and we will continue up. What I don't like and what I want to see is a little bit of a distraction from the movement, so that the EMAs can start to make some kind of curve, this curve to allow us to get there smoothly and to test some of these EMAs, to do a 15-minute double and to continue for a new rise level. But, the consolidation here would be the end of the Skoda route, consolidation and double for a new test for a monthly hit map. This is something I'm looking for, I'm not going to go down again in the time frame, I'll look at the 15-minute time frame and here the EMAs are going down. So, the retrace to some of these zones would be great, it's clear, we don't want extremely sharp movement, because we can invalidate the whole thing from this zone. At the moment, all the waves are going well and the scenario in which we are taking the upper part of the range and the hit maps is an extremely good opportunity. So, if we don't put 5 candles here for example, if it doesn't look like this way of retesting we will position ourselves, we will combine them in the Discord, so I hope I won't let it go. W, here, the new ones would be great in terms of sustainability in which, if you don't like the reset here, you can position yourself at any time. For the 2nd rise level I wouldn't recommend the 3rd one, but not for the 2nd rise level, the conservative entry may be your choice. I don't know what's going on with the liquidation, the levels, yes, exactly as I said, from the new retrace here, until when I don't do the double view. The double view here can be an idea, especially with this cluster here it looks great and I will make it green, otherwise it will be red. This cluster here is quite appetizing, because it also coincides with the Vector Candle. As you can see, the Vector Candles are the zones that we love a lot for this, and I mention all of them, so you don't have to mark them. You can see here what exactly is going on and what we saw yesterday is this zone. As we said, from this zone the last part of the Vector Candle from the last 7 and from the whole one that entered the phone, as you can see before this was an extremely important cluster. This cluster, the moment in which we started to test the beginning of the Asia W, yes, huge W, 5 minutes W, but we have 3 rise levels. So here we have a stopping volume candle you can expect another push down this zone before a potential retrace. This would be even better because, as I said, the EMAs will be able to do this and allow us to test the whole movement. If the EMAs do this and start to jump up, the first zone will be a better option for us. If not, we will stay as the other option and this video will be a retrace because, you know, the news can lead us to such a loss, but if we keep going, you will be able to try. You will be able to take each one of us. And here again I want to make a short pause if all the things shown today the structure and liquidity of the scenario can be done on its own. That is exactly why the trade by design exists. Trade by design is not just a course this is a whole trade model you have access to 56 detailed lessons in detail from the basics to pre-execution. After each model there is a quiz to make sure that you don't just watch the video, but really learn and understand. But the most valuable thing is that every day we look at the set and discuss, give feedback the trades are important so we look at it constantly and discuss what potential can happen. And what you see at the moment on the screen are real results from people from our top 6 not screenshots from the internet. Trade by the people who were at the beginning of the month were on the same level. This is not because the market is cheap but because of its volatility and uncertainty which shows one thing when you have a structure, a process and a foundation you can make money even in the market. If you want to start trading with the system the link is in the description. The most important economic news from this week are mainly on Wednesday and Friday. The most important event for this week is the US CPI. In this week there will be the most important time in the week on the 8th, we have already changed it the most important part is that the people are correct and we will have to come up with an idea sooner for the US Open. Around 8.30 am the US CPI is one of the most important monthly economic events together with NFP which is the most important news in the week. According to the season CPI usually reaches the top between January and after that the most important event will be a positive market on the 5th, 8.30 am the DURABAL GOOD with the US GDP revision for Q4. This is a combination of three important monthly economic indicators the bullet prepared for the possibility of volatility or a change of trend. The DURABAL GOOD with GDP measures economic growth. On the 5th, 10.00 am the JOAL is EUON consumer sentiment inflation. Depending on how the market reacts on the news in the 8th and a half these days it can increase or not increase volatility. The JOAL is an important indicator for the market to work in fact but we already have NFP on the 7th. EUON consumer sentiment news on the 3rd level is less important besides that the volatility is expected in the first part of the US session on the 5th. The price of petrol is over 90 dollars and it is quite hard for the market. If it stays on this level for a long time it can become rough. In any news or for the head about the escalation of conflicts or mission accomplished from the other side they can show strong influence on the markets and so on in the period of silence a lot of consolidation and false movement but this is exactly the moment in which the market is prepared and the position is built. And when the movement comes it usually doesn't ask if you are ready for this we don't give a damn we follow the structure and wait for the market to show us the result. If you want to learn to think this way with the process of bringing emotions look at the trade by design courses. And if you don't have a fight the important ones are the ones we use the links are in the description. I hope the video was useful I wish you success in the market and see you in the next video.